feat(iot): add Message filters template documentation (#235)
scaleway/docs-content: iot/iot-hub/reference-content/devices.mdx

</Message>

### Message filters template

<Message type="important">

> The Message filters template feature is currently in **beta** status.

Author: C'est public, c'est 'juste' une petite feature, mais il se pourrait qu'elle change, donc on préfère dire que c'est en beta

</Message>

> The Message filters accept templating with some metadata associated with the Hub and Device to be used in the filter. This allows to use the same filter on multiple devices and have them filter topics with regards to their own name or IDs.

Author: Je comprend le besoin de rewrite (phrase beaucoup trop longue), mais ça colle pas tout a fait a ce que je voulais dire. Je tente un truc:
```suggestion
Message filters accept templating: the Hub and Device metadata can be used in the filter. This allows the use of same filter on multiple devices. This way, topics can be filtered depending on the connected device.
```

> The Message filters accept templating with some metadata associated with the Hub and Device to be used in the filter. This allows to use the same filter on multiple devices and have them filter topics with regards to their own name or IDs.

Reviewer: ok, ça marche pour moi!
